doc: Update Network Operations Center reference page (#978)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/reference/components/network-operations-center.md

Network Operations Center stores events from {{% tts %}} in a time series database, queries aggregated data and visualizes data in a dashboard driven by Grafana. Network Operations Center is complementary to the [Console]({{< relref "console" >}}): the Network Operations Center shows historic data (with a delay of at most 5 minutes), while the Console shows live information and allows for managing the network.

## Accessing Network Operations Center

> The Network Operations Center can only be accessed by administrators. There are two main ways to access Network Operations Center within {{% tts %}} console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Network Operations Center can only be accessed by administrators. There are two main ways to access Network Operations Center within {{% tts %}} Console:
```

> - On the vertical navigation click Network Operations Center.

Reviewer: Where is this exactly? Left hand menu?

> - On the horizontal navigation click on your avatar/profile name and then from the drop-down menu click Network Operations Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click on your avatar/profile in the upper right corner and then choose the Network Operations Center from the drop-down menu.
```

The Network Operations Center Overview dashboard will open in a new web browser tab.

> {{< note "Network Operations Center is supported in the current version of these [web browsers](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation/)." />}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note "Since it utilizes Grafana, the Network Operations Center is supported in the current version of the following [web browsers](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/installation#supported-web-browsers)." />}}
```

- **Share dashboard (2)**: To share a dashboard or panel as a link, snapshot, or JSON file.
- **Time picker (3)**: To select relative time range options and set custom absolute time ranges. For more information on using the time picker read the Grafana [Time range controls](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/v9.0/dashboards/time-range-controls/#common-time-range-controls) documentation.
- **Refresh dashboard (4)**: To refresh the dashboard data.
- **Refresh dashboard time interval (5)**: To select a dashboard auto-refresh time interval.
- **Zoom out time range (6)**: To view a larger time range in the dashboard or panel visualization.
- **View mode (7)**: To display the dashboard on a large screen such as a TV or a kiosk. Press ESC to return to normal mode.
- **Console (8)**: To open {{% tts %}} console.

Vertical navigation bar:

- **Grafana logo (9)**: To redirect to the Network Operations Center Overview dashboard (home dashboard).
- **Search dashboards (10)**: To search for dashboards by name. Currently, there are two dashboards available in Network Operations Center: Overview and Gateway Details.
- **Dashboards (11)**: To manage dashboards and folders 

> - **Alerting (12)**: To set alert rules and notifications

Reviewer: This looks messy. I think we don't really need these numbers on this image, and some of the explanations are redundant (because they're too obvious or have nothing to do with TTS). We don't need to explain what happens when you click on Grafana logo, or when you click on on Refresh dashboard. There's Grafana documentation for those things. You can say something like "Grafana offers many features such as time picker, alerting, etc. For more info see the Grafana docs." and link the official Grafana documentation.

> Each dashboard has several panels for data visualization.

Reviewer: redundant, please remove

### Overview Dashboard

The Overview dashboard provides a high-level overview of the network, focusing on the gateway statistics based on historical data. 

{{< figure src="../overview-dashboard.png" alt="overview dashboard" >}}

> It consists of the following panels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consists of the following panels:
- Gateways connected
- Gateway connectivity
```

Reviewer: move this above the overview-dashboard.png image

> ### Gateways connected

Reviewer: no need for this to be a separate section, please remove

The Gateways connected panel visualizes the number of gateways that have connected to the network in the selected period.

> {{< figure src="../gateways-connected.png" alt="gateways connected" >}}

Reviewer: you're repeating an image that's already available in the image above. please remove

> ### Gateway connectivity

Reviewer: no need for this to be a separate section, please remove

> The Gateway connectivity panel is a table layout that displays the Gateway ID, Last Connect, Last Disconnect, Disconnects, Uptime, and Packet Rate of all the gateways on the network in the selected period.

Reviewer: When you're referring to some button/colum name/variable name etc. on the screen, please use the **bold** formatting, i.e. change Last Connect to **Last Connect** etc.

> {{< figure src="../gateway-connectivity.png" alt="gateway connectivity" >}}

Reviewer: you're repeating an image that's already available in the image above. please remove

The following is a brief description of each column in the table:

- **Gateway ID**: displays gateway IDs of all the gateways on the network. Click on the Gateway ID to access its Gateway Details Dashboard.

> - **Last Connect**: represents the date and time when the gateway last connected to the Network Server.
> - **Last Disconnect**: represents the date and time when the gateway last disconnected from the Network Server.
> - **Disconnects**: the number of disconnects in the selected period.
> - **Uptime**: is the fraction of time in which the gateway has been connected to the Network Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Last Connect**: the date and time when the gateway last connected to the Network Server.
- **Last Disconnect**: the date and time when the gateway last disconnected from the Network Server.
- **Disconnects**: the number of disconnects in the selected period.
- **Uptime**: the fraction of time in which the gateway has been connected to the Network Server.
```

- **Packet Rate**: the total number of uplink and downlink data packets forwarded by the gateway per second.

The data can be sorted by column names and filtered by column values.

> ## Gateway Details Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gateway Details Dashboard

```

> The Gateway Details dashboard visualizes detailed insight into a gateway in the selected period. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gateway Details dashboard visualizes detailed insight into gateway statistics in the selected time period. 
```

{{< figure src="../gateway-details-dashboard.png" alt="gateway details dashboard" >}}

It consists of the following panels:

> ### Uptime
> 
> This gauge chart visualizes the gateway uptime which is the fraction of the time in which the gateway has been connected to the Network Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Uptime** - the gauge chart that visualizes the gateway uptime, i.e. the fraction of the time in which the gateway has been connected to the Network Server.
```

{{< figure src="../uptime.png" alt="uptime" >}}

> ### Lowest RSSI (LoRa)
> 
> This graph visualizes data about the lowest Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) in dBm for each channel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Lowest RSSI (LoRa)** - the graph that visualizes data about the lowest Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) in dBm for each channel. 
```

{{< figure src="../rssi.png" alt="lowest rssi" >}}

> ### Traffic
> 
> This time series graph visualizes the uplink and downlink rates in packets per second (p/s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Traffic** - a time series graph that visualizes the uplink and downlink rates in packets per second.
```

{{< figure src="../traffic.png" alt="traffic" >}}

> 
> ### Packets per channel
> 
> This heat map visualizes the number of uplink data packets for each channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Packets per channel** - a heat map that visualizes the number of uplink data packets for each channel.
```

{{< figure src="../packets-per-channel.png" alt="packets per channel" >}}

> ### Channel utilization
> 
> This graph visualizes the percentage of total utilization on each channel over a time interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Channel utilization** - a graph that visualizes the percentage of total utilization on each channel over a time interval.
```
